fixed DELEGATECALL caller bug (#37)
streamingfast/firehose-ethereum: CHANGELOG.md

* Added sf.firehose.v2.Fetch/Block endpoint on firehose, allows fetching single block by num, num+ID or cursor
* Added `tools firehose-single-block-client` to call that new endpoint

### Changed
* Renamed tools `normalize-merged-blocks` to `upgrade-merged-blocks`

> ### Fixed DELEGATECALL caller bug -- geth upgrade recommended, merged-blocks operation required, index reprocessing required --
> 
> * Fixed the Caller on delegateCall to align with what the traces API gives
> * Bumped sf.ethereum.type.v2.Block field `Ver` from 2 to 3
> * This requires upgrading the blocks from Ver.2 to Ver.3 using `tools upgrade-merged-blocks`
> * This requires reprocessing the combined indexes from those new blocks Ver.3
> * While the upgrade from blocks Ver.2 to Ver.3 will be applied in real-time for future blocks, 
>   but you should upgrade your geth instrumented with firehose version 2.1
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

...
### Fixed

*  Fixed `DELEGATECALL`'s `caller` (a.k.a `from`)

#### Upgrade Procedure

* Upgrade Firehose blocks from `version: 2` to `version: 3` using `fireeth tools upgrade-merged-blocks`
* Re-create combined indexes from those new blocks
* Blocks produced in real-time for future blocks, but you should upgrade your Geth instrumented binary with latest published version
```
